README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App]

### `npm install`
To install all dependancy packages

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

# Dependecy Packages:

### `npm i @material-tailwind/react` 
Material Tailwind is an open-source library that uses the power of Tailwind CSS and React to help you build unique web projects faster and easier. The stunning design inspired by Material Design is a bonus!

### `npm i react-router-dom` 
The react-router-dom package contains bindings for using React Router in web applications.

Commit message:

Feature/dem135 UI promo grid view (#23)
* Updated PromoGrid UI

* updated CommonMethods

* updated  handlechange

* Updated Common components and test cases

* promogrid componets/testcases updated

* updated Excel download

* updated Radio Values

* updated radio test cases

* updated README, line of code coverage

* sonar properties updated

* Promo get Api Updated

* workflows updated

* workflows updated

---------

Co-authored-by: Shashank Gadge <gadge.sg@pg.com>
Co-authored-by: gadgesg <151710158+gadgesg@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App]

### `npm install`
To install all dependancy packages

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

# Dependecy Packages:

### `$ npm install @mui/material @emotion/react @emotion/styled`
Material UI is an open-source React component library that implements Google's Material Design. Ready to use Material Design components

### `npm install -D tailwindcss` 
Tailwind css - Rapidly build modern websites without ever leaving your HTML - A utility-first CSS framework packed with classes 

### `npm i react-router-dom` 
The react-router-dom package contains bindings for using React Router in web applications.

### `npm i material-react-table`
Material Table is a once-popular Material UI table library originally built in 2018 for creating Material UI tables that includes tons of features. 

### `npm i sass`
Sass is the most mature, stable, and powerful professional grade CSS extension language in the world.

### `npm i moment`
A JavaScript date library for parsing, validating, manipulating, and formatting dates.
